Update and clean up Interface (#2938)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Interface/en.md

![Multi Lobby](img/Multi-Play-2016.png)
![Multi Host](img/Multi-play!_Host.jpg)

> 1. Your rank in the match. This is also shown next to your name. <!-- Review Required -->

Author: ```suggestion
1. Indicates whether you are host or player.
```

In my opinion, this is a completely different meaning.

   - Online Favourite: Make the Beatmap as your Online Favourite. It will show on your online profile under Beatmaps-&gt;Favourite Beatmaps
4. Here is the difference made to your profile. This shows how far you've moved up or down the Global Ranking, how much was added to your Total Score, and how much your Overall Accuracy changed. The text fades out rather quickly, so don't miss it!
5. Self-explanatory. Will not appear if offline, or if the beatmap is not uploaded.
   - Map Rank: Your Ranking on the map. The ranking includes replays that featured mods, even if you didn't use any yourself.
   - Overall: Your profile standing on the gamemode you just played, not just the beatmap.
   - Accuracy: Will only be counted when your old score is surpassed. Accuracy is the average of all passed beatmaps.
   - Ranked Score: Your Ranked Score. If it's an approved song, it will not increase at all.
   - Total Score: Grand total score. This will always increase even if you fail or don't surpass a high score in a beatmap. This counts towards your level.
   - To Next Rank: How much score you need to move your current map ranking position up.

> 6. Same as #4, but it is reserved for monthly [Ranking Charts](https://osu.ppy.sh/p/chart) <!-- Review Required -->

Author: ```suggestion
6. [Spotlight Ranking](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/osu/charts). If the beatmap is included in the spotlights, the corresponding spotlight ranking is displayed.
```

Displayed when the spotlight ranking exists.
